okay that's it so i'm going to cruise
the entire length
of the hyperloop hey folks
this is fred i was uh
hearing a report on the hyperloop i mean
what happens when all of a sudden
an earthquake hits there's no way
out there's no need of hollering and
screaming yelling
you're in a mirror more or less a coffin
already
so your plate is sealed
so far none of the tubes that they've
created
have dealt with the expansion issue in
any way
whatsoever or just simply an earthquake
hell a car crash into one of the pillars
any slight dent in that wafer-thin tube
and you would be looking at a cascade
failure
this is so so unsafe
i mean we as a people have
done so many unsafe things and
we continue to do it we continue to
put people's lives at stake
for the sake of the dollar bill
i mean the first thing we should assume
is that we are very dumb
you know things have obviously gotten
way more smarter than the past way
smarter
the most important thing like i said the
most important mistake i see smart
people making is assuming that they're
smart
they're not don't buy into the hyperloop
it is a disaster waiting to happen
you may as well strap a bomb to get
dressed and
pull the pin if you've got money to
spend
spending on something that's actually
gonna
help somebody to get better in life
not to get dead
you played fallout 3 all the way like i
really played that game a lot
um
let me explore every corner of that game
[Music]
i'm looking for a new video gameplay can
you give me a recommendation overwatch i
play overwatch
um overwatch is amazing oh which is
amazing yeah
and i was worried about him because he's
one of our great geniuses and we have to
protect our genius you know we have to
protect thomas edison and
we have to protect all of these people
that
came up with originally the light bulb
and the wheel
and all of these things and he's one of
our very smart people and we want to
we want to cherish those people i think
he's like remapping civilization and
trying to make a better yacht
i played obviously skyrim i did not
complete skyrim that was intense
it was like it's a big game
[Music]
i played fallout 4. that was great
you have to give him credit i spoke to
him very recently and he's also doing
the rockets he likes rockets
and uh he does good at rockets too by
the way i never saw where the engines
come down with no wings no anything and
they're landing i said i've never seen
that before
you know just like shaquille o'neal is
eight feet tall and some people are four
feet tall
you know some people just have a brain i
mean there's no
there's no level playing field when it
comes to anything whether it's
athletic performance or or mental
performance well there's hearthstone
i haven't tried that one yet yeah i know
people love it
[Music]
do you play anything besides of which i
mean um
we tried the new dsx i have tried the
new deus ex it's okay but like
it's the best game i played recently and
it's not a super new game is the last of
us
oh is it from a couple of years ago sure
i loved it
okay last of us yeah you like that too
is it really good
yeah i've heard good things about
uncharted it was just
really the last of us the prior deus ex
and the original the original deus ex
was the storytelling was amazing
[Music]
uh shocking how well you know how it's
come
so fast i mean you go back a year and
they were talking about the end of the
company and now all of a sudden they're
talking about these great things he's
going to be building a very big plant
in the united states he has to because
we help him
so he has to help us i don't know if
anybody's played did you play the
original deus ex
that was killer
[Music]
an electric skate was supposed to help
center the car that was axed in favor of
retractable wheels
but both ideas have been abandoned and
instead the vehicle will rely on its own
tires
driving through a paved tunnel because
let's be real you want to get people to
drive
around and round a kilometer long
tube with very small tolerances
leading to the obvious question is it
even possible
to get out of those cars while you're in
this
elon musk loop and you know ass
is usually the requirement even for
people with limited
mobility another way to cut costs is by
building smaller tunnels
the standard size for a single lane is
28 feet in diameter borings will only be
12 feet which doesn't leave a lot of
room
so although technically any electric
vehicle with autonomous capabilities
will be able to use them in the future
they'll have to fit tiny inaccessible
tunnels going all over the city
you know which if there's an accident in
them which is inevitably gonna happen
how are you gonna unblock this again it
seems like the people crying debunked
are assuming that all of the scientists
and engineers at spacex and all these
universities
haven't taken a grade 11 physics course
okay um and i'm not an expert in uh
battery pack technology but it seems
that a lot of people are speculating
that the uh effects for the semi truck
even i believe the ceo of daimler said
it breaks the laws of physics so i'm
wondering
is this just the leader not much about
physics i know him
[Laughter]
yeah i'm pretty happy you're engaged in
a public discussion with him
i actually studied in college
[Music]
we'll have a lot of flights between them
then that's crazy that's 2023 is not
that far away that'll be there before
you know it
how many times have you had explosions
when you're on a rocket i don't know
like
quite a few six maybe five or six what
are those like what is it like when you
watch it
explode this is a test program
we expect it to explode um
it's weird if it doesn't explode frankly
really yeah
um if current trends continue
uh if we you know if you
plot the points on the curve of progress
then then we should be
doing regular uh orbital flights with a
high probability of
safe landing in two years he he's
creating
he has he's a fortune society that's
like like a a a
cross pollination of thomas edison and
tony stark
from the avengers okay you
cross-pollinate those two folks
you get elon musk when i think we can go
to mars i mean i think
possibly as soon as five years from now
um really yeah so when you're talking to
elon musk did you get the sense that you
were talking to like
a genius what did it feel like like i'm
a chimp
like you i'm like like you're that
person yeah i'm not
that's exactly what i was going to say
yeah i am that toxically stupid person
talking to this guy really wants to
create gigantic power stations in
australia to fix their grid and wants to
shoot rockets into space and anything he
does is completely fascinating to people
well he's a legitimate super genius
legitimate
like when he's not full [ __ ] he's
that is his his thought process is
extraordinary
but one of the things that was really
clear from talking to him
was that it's uncomfortable that his
whole life it's been
this tornado of ideas i watched
it against his head yeah and he he's
like you wouldn't want to be me
[Music]
i'm like what do you mean man you know
he's like it's a
it never shuts off right you know
[Music]
you know it's better if i can swing like
this oh good so get it
get it near my neck that's even better
wait don't go in that way don't go in
that way go away
from me crazy
[Music]
maybe we can we can practice